[Docs] Scheduler doc EN version. (#466)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/tutorials/param_scheduler.md

# Parameter Scheduler

During neural network training, optimization hyperparameters (e.g. learning rate) are usually adjusted along with the training process.
One of the simplest and most common learning rate adjustment strategies is multi-step learning rate decay, which reduces the learning rate to a fraction at regular intervals.
PyTorch provides LRScheduler to implement various learning rate adjustment strategies. In MMEngine, we have extended it and implemented a more general [ParamScheduler](mmengine.optim._ParamScheduler).
It can adjust optimization hyperparameters such as learning rate and momentum. It also supports the combination of multiple schedulers to create more complex scheduling strategies.

## Usage

We first introduce how to use PyTorch's `torch.optim.lr_scheduler` to adjust learning rate.

<details>

> <summary>如何使用 PyTorch 内置的学习率调度器调整学习率</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>How to use PyTorch's builtin learning rate scheduler?</summary>
```

Here is an example which refers from [PyTorch official documentation](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/optim.html):

Initialize an ExponentialLR object, and call the `step` method after each training epoch.

```python
import torch
from torch.optim import SGD
from torch.optim.lr_scheduler import ExponentialLR

model = torch.nn.Linear(1, 1)
dataset = [torch.randn((1, 1, 1)) for _ in range(20)]
optimizer = SGD(model, 0.1)
scheduler = ExponentialLR(optimizer, gamma=0.9)

for epoch in range(10):
    for data in dataset:
        optimizer.zero_grad()
        output = model(data)
        loss = 1 - output
        loss.backward()
        optimizer.step()
    scheduler.step()
```

</details>

> `mmengine.optim.scheduler` supports most of PyTorch's learning rate schedulers such as `ExponentialLR`，`LinearLR`，`StepLR`，`MultiStepLR`, etc. All of the supported schedulers please refer to [parameter scheduler API documentation](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/optim.html#scheduler).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mmengine.optim.scheduler` supports most of PyTorch's learning rate schedulers such as `ExponentialLR`，`LinearLR`，`StepLR`，`MultiStepLR`, etc. Please refer to [parameter scheduler API documentation](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/optim.html#scheduler) for all of the supported schedulers.
```

> MMEngine also supports adjust momentum with parameter schedulers. To use momentum schedulers, replace `LR` in the class name to `Momentum`, such as `ExponentialMomentum`，`LinearMomentum`. Further, we implement the general parameter scheduler ParamScheduler, which is used to adjust the specified hyperparameters in the optimizer, such as weight_decay, etc. This feature makes it easier to practice some complex hyperparameter tuning strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MMEngine also supports adjusting momentum with parameter schedulers. To use momentum schedulers, replace `LR` in the class name to `Momentum`, such as `ExponentialMomentum`，`LinearMomentum`. Further, we implement the general parameter scheduler ParamScheduler, which is used to adjust the specified hyperparameters in the optimizer, such as weight_decay, etc. This feature makes it easier to apply some complex hyperparameter tuning strategies.
```

### Use a single LRScheduler

If only one scheduler needs to be used for the entire training process, there is no difference with PyTorch's learning rate scheduler.

```python
# build the scheduler manually
from torch.optim import SGD
from mmengine.runner import Runner
from mmengine.optim.scheduler import MultiStepLR

optimizer = SGD(model.parameters(), lr=0.01, momentum=0.9)
param_scheduler = MultiStepLR(optimizer, milestones=[8, 11], gamma=0.1)

runner = Runner(
    model=model,
    optim_wrapper=dict(
        optimizer=optimizer),
    param_scheduler=param_scheduler,
    ...
    )
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12907710/185112707-356e1c20-d104-45b6-954c-55d552aab7ac.png)

If using the runner with the registry and config file, we can specify the scheduler by setting the `param_scheduler` field in the config. The runner will automatically build a parameter scheduler based on this field:

```python
# build the scheduler with config file
param_scheduler = dict(type='MultiStepLR', by_epoch=True, milestones=[8, 11], gamma=0.1)
```

> Note that the parameter `by_epoch` is added here, which controls the frequency of learning rate adjustment. When set to True, it means adjusting by epoch. When set to False, it means adjusting by iteration.  The default value is True.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the parameter `by_epoch` is added here, which controls the frequency of learning rate adjustment. When set to True, it means adjusting by epoch. When set to False, it means adjusting by iteration. The default value is True.
```

> In the above example, it means to adjust according to epochs. At this time, the unit of the parameters is epoch. For example, \[8, 11\] in `milestones` means that the learning rate will be multiplied bt 0.1 times at the end of the 8 and 11 epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, it means to adjust according to epochs. At this time, the unit of the parameters is epoch. For example, \[8, 11\] in `milestones` means that the learning rate will be multiplied by 0.1 at the end of the 8 and 11 epoch.
```

```python
param_scheduler = dict(type='MultiStepLR', by_epoch=True, milestones=[8, 11], gamma=0.1, convert_to_iter_based=True)
```

Below is a Cosine Annealing learning rate scheduler that is updated by epoch, where the learning rate is only modified after each epoch:

```python
param_scheduler = dict(type='CosineAnnealingLR', by_epoch=True, T_max=12)
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12907710/185115307-69e75a6e-0712-4770-bd41-b0290b03480c.png)

After automatically conversion, the learning rate is updated by iteration. As you can see from the graph below, the learning rate changes more smoothly.

```python
param_scheduler = dict(type='CosineAnnealingLR', by_epoch=True, T_max=12, convert_to_iter_based=True)
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12907710/185115509-d4f2156a-d940-44b7-801f-3023ab76a2d3.png)

### Combine multiple LRSchedulers (e.g. learning rate warm-up)

In the training process of some algorithms, the learning rate is not adjusted according to a certain scheduling strategy from beginning to end. The most common example is learning rate warm-up.

> For example, in the first few iterations, a linear strategy is used to increase the learning rate from a small value to normal, and then adjusted by another strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the first few iterations, a linear strategy is used to increase the learning rate from a small value to normal, and then another strategy is applied.
```
